#summary Introduction to the EZGone PHP API.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

The EZGone (i:'zi:gɒn) project helps developers and DIY merchants to integrate the Ogone payment solution with less efforts in no time. This is achieved with one single PHP file containing some useful classes. This means no more calculating SHA1 hashes and easy to manipulate clean code. 

==How does it work?==

EZGone contains a useful class that will enable you to send parameters over to the OGone server on the fly. This means that you will be able to generate a complete payment form in just a few lines of code:

# declaring a new parameter (e.g. currency)
# providing the parameters with a value (e.g. EUR)
# calling a function that will do all the work for you

Additionally, you'll be able to use the library for easy payment feedback handling too in a very near future.

==How do I get started?==

Well, that's quite easy. Just download the library file and place it on your web server, then follow the manual available here and you're done!

==Future improvements==

* Easy payment page templating
* payment feedback handling and translating
* Support for the Ogone Alias gateway and Mobile payments

If you have any suggestions for more features or if you feel like something is missing, let us know.


= Important =

This project is currently in a beta stage and therefore it is not recommended to use this API in a data intensive environment yet. Always make sure to take all the necessary precautions in terms of security before accepting payments.  

This API is not officially supported by Ogone. Please only use it if you are familiar with PHP and always read the manual first.